Extend contributor guide (#458)
PTB-MR/mrpro: docs/source/contributor_guide.rst

We try to use descriptive variable names when applicable (e.g., ``result`` instead of ``res``, ``tolerance_squared`` instead
of ``sqtol``, ``batchsize`` instead of ``m``).

A name starting with ``n_`` is used for variables describing a number of something (e.g., ``n_coils`` instead of ``ncoils`` or
``num_coils``), variable names ending with ``_op`` for operators (e.g., ``fourier_op``). We use ``img`` as a variable name
for images.

Testing
=======
We use pytest for testing. All required packages will be installed if you install MRpro via ``pip install -e .[test]``.
You can use VSCode's test panel to discover and run tests. All tests must pass before a PR can be merged. By default, we skip running CUDA tests.  You can use ``pytest -m cuda`` to run the CUDA tests if your development machine has a GPU available.

Building the Documentation
==========================
You can build the documentation locally via running ```make html``` in the docs folder. The documentation will also be build in each PR and can be viewed online.
Please check how your new additions render in the documentation before requesting a PR review.

Adding new Examples
===================

> New application examples in ```examples``` should be commit as only ```.py``` files with code-cells. These can, for example, be used in VSCode with the python extension, or in JupyterLab with the `jupytext <https://jupytext.readthedocs.io/en/latest/install.html>`_ extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New exciting applications of MRpro can be added in ```examples``` as only ```.py``` files with code-cells. These can, for example, be used in VSCode with the python extension, or in JupyterLab with the `jupytext <https://jupytext.readthedocs.io/en/latest/install.html>`_ extension.
```

Author: only excepting ones :D

An automatic workflow at github will create notebooks and pages in the documentation based on the python scripts.
The data to run the examples should be publicly available and hosted externally, for example at zenodo.

> Please be careful not to add any binary files to our commits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please be careful not to add any binary files to your commits.
```

Release Strategy
================

> We are still in pre-release mode and do not guarantee a stable API / strict semver compatibility. We currently use ```0.YYMMDD``` as versioning and release in regular intervals to `pypi  <https://pypi.org/project/mrpro/>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are still in pre-release mode and do not guarantee a stable API / strict semantic versioning compatibility. We currently use ```0.YYMMDD``` as versioning and release in regular intervals to `pypi  <https://pypi.org/project/mrpro/>`_.
```
